docs/hardware/boards/pishock/2021q3-lite.md, before:

---
tags:
  - hardware
  - board
  - vendor:pishock
  - chip:esp32
  - compat:full
  - support:full
---

# Pishock Lite (2021 Q3)

!!! danger "Extreme price point"

    We strongly discouraging buying products from this vendor due to their extremely high price points. 

!!! success "Fully compatible"

    This product is fully compatible with OpenShock.

## Specifications

- Board is [Wemos D1 Mini ESP32](../wemos/d1-mini-esp32.md)
- Simple [433MHz radio board](../../radio/index.md)

## Pinout
- Use PIN 15 for transmitting.

## Media

### Clean variant

![Pishock Lite - Clean variant - Case front view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/clean-case-front.jpg)
![Pishock Lite - Clean variant - Case back view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/clean-case-back.jpg)
![Pishock Lite - Clean variant - PCB back view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/clean-pcb-back.jpg)

### Burnt solder joint variant

Courtesy of `@ulthirm` on Discord.

![Pishock Lite - Burnt variant - PCB front view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/burnt-pcb-front.jpg)
![Pishock Lite - Burnt variant - PCB rear view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/burnt-pcb-back.jpg)

### Cold solder joint variant

Courtesy of `@pixelcommander` on Discord.

![Pishock Lite - Cold variant - PCB side view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/cold-pcb-side.jpg)

Commit message:

Remove opinionated claims from documentation

docs/hardware/boards/pishock/2021q3-lite.md, after:

---
tags:
  - hardware
  - board
  - vendor:pishock
  - chip:esp32
  - compat:full
  - support:full
---

# Pishock Lite (2021 Q3)

!!! warning "OpenShock is not affiliated with Pishock"

    We are not affiliated with Pishock in any way and do not endorse their products. We however do support flashing OpenShock on this board.

!!! success "Fully compatible"

    This product is fully compatible with OpenShock.

## Specifications

- Board is [Wemos D1 Mini ESP32](../wemos/d1-mini-esp32.md)
- Simple [433MHz radio board](../../radio/index.md)

## Pinout
- Use PIN 15 for transmitting.

## Media

### Clean variant

![Pishock Lite - Clean variant - Case front view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/clean-case-front.jpg)
![Pishock Lite - Clean variant - Case back view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/clean-case-back.jpg)
![Pishock Lite - Clean variant - PCB back view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/clean-pcb-back.jpg)

### Burnt solder joint variant

Courtesy of `@ulthirm` on Discord.

![Pishock Lite - Burnt variant - PCB front view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/burnt-pcb-front.jpg)
![Pishock Lite - Burnt variant - PCB rear view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/burnt-pcb-back.jpg)

### Cold solder joint variant

Courtesy of `@pixelcommander` on Discord.

![Pishock Lite - Cold variant - PCB side view](../../../static/boards/pishock-lite/cold-pcb-side.jpg)
