docs/hardware/shockers/caixianlin.md, before:

---
tags:
    - hardware
    - shockers
---

# CaiXianlin

::: tip Compatible
This product is compatible with OpenShock.

:::
Cheap and easily acquirable.

## Buying

### Shockers

Best effort list of current AliExpress sellers. Feel free to add more sources to this list!

- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005005133046985.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256804946732233.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256805637384984.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256806810698119.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005005823699736.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliBaba](https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/MZ-880-Waterproof-Rechargeable-Vibrating-Dog_1600152421803.html)

### Cables

The charging port for this model is a standard **DC 3.5 x 1.35mm**. A USB to **DC 3.5 x 1.35mm** cable is used to charge the shocker. You might even have one laying around as they are common.

- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://aliexpress.com/item/1005005000038383.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://de.aliexpress.com/item/4001327413911.html)

## Media

![CaiXianlin Shocker Front](../../static/shockers/caixianlin/ShockerFront.webp)
![CaiXianlin Shocker Back](../../static/shockers/caixianlin/ShockerBack.webp)

![CaiXianlin Shocker Back Inner Case](../../static/shockers/caixianlin/ShockerCaseBackGif.gif)

Thank you `@dasbrin` on Discord for the images.


## Technical Specification

### Official documents

[US Patent Document 1](https://uspto.report/patent/grant/D879,390)

[US Patent Document 2](https://image-ppubs.uspto.gov/dirsearch-public/print/downloadPdf/D879390)

### Community Reversed Engineered documents

[Shocker & Remote Documents on GitHub](https://github.com/Nat-the-Kat/caixianlin_remote_shocker) by @Nat-the-Kat

### RF Specification

| Name              | Value      |
|-------------------|------------|
| Carrier Frequency | 433.95 MHz |
| Modulation Type   | ASK / OOK  |

### Bit encoding

| Type | High duration | Low duration |
|------|---------------|--------------|
| Sync | 1400µs        | 750µs        |
| 1    | 750µs         | 250µs        |
| 0    | 250µs         | 750µs        |

### Packet fields

| Name              | Value      | Length    | Remarks                                  |
|-------------------|------------|-----------|------------------------------------------|
| Transmitter ID    | 0 - 65535  | 16 bits   | The collar will be Paired to this        |
| Channel Number    | 0 - 2      | 4 bits    | The collar will be Paired to this        |
| Action Command    | 1 - 3      | 4 bits    | 1 = Shock, 2 = Vibrate, 3 = Beep         |
| Command Intensity | 0 - 99     | 8 bits    | Should always be 0 for beep              |
| Message checksum  | 0 - 255    | 8 bits    | 8-bit sum of all other fields as a int32 |

### Layout

```text
[PREFIX        ] = SYNC
[TRANSMITTER ID] =     XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
[CHANNEL       ] =                     XXXX
[MODE          ] =                         XXXX
[STRENGTH      ] =                             XXXXXXXX
[CHECKSUM      ] =                                     XXXXXXXX
[END           ] =                                             00
```

## Working C++ code

[Firmware CaiXianlin Encoder](https://github.com/OpenShock/Firmware/blob/develop/src/radio/rmt/CaiXianlinEncoder.cpp)

## Example untested RFCat code

```py
# Import the necessary libraries and functions
from rflib import *
import time

# Set up the RfCat device
d = RfCat()
d.setPktPQT(0)
d.setMdmNumPreamble(0)
d.setEnableMdmManchester(False)
d.setFreq(433950000)
d.setMdmModulation(MOD_ASK_OOK)
d.setMdmDRate(3950)
d.makePktFLEN(22)
d.setMdmSyncWord(0)
   
"""
Returns the string representation of the action (Shock, Vibrate, or Beep)
"""
def get_action_string(action):
   if action == 1:
      return 'Shock'
   elif action == 2:
      return 'Vibrate'
   elif action == 3:
      return 'Beep'
   else:
      return 'Unknown'

# Since the receivers only support 3 channels, we can change the transmitter ID to extend the number of channels
for transmitter_id in range(46231, 46233):
   # Loop through the channels
   for channel in range(3):
      # Loop through the actions
      for action in range(1, 4):
         # Loop through the intensities, but not if the action is 3 (beep)
         for intensity in range(0, 100, 10) if action != 3 else [0]:

            # Intensity has max of 99
            if intensity == 100:
               intensity = 99

            # Assemble the payload
            payload = (transmitter_id << 24) | (channel << 20) | (action << 16) | (intensity << 8)

            # Calculate the checksum (sum(bytes) % 256)
            checksum = 0
            for i in range(8):
               checksum += (payload >> (i * 8)) & 0xFF
            checksum %= 256

            # Add the checksum to the payload
            payload |= checksum

            # Assemble the message
            message = bytes.fromhex('fc{0:040b}88'.format(payload).replace('1', 'e').replace('0', '8'))

            print('Sending {0} on channel {1} with intensity {2} and checksum {3}'.format(get_action_string(action), channel, intensity, checksum))

            # Transmit the message 5 times
            for i in range(5):
               d.RFxmit(message)
```

Commit message:

Update caixianlin.md to have amazon sources
Added amazon sources of brands "slopehill" and "heaflex" to the shocker source page.

docs/hardware/shockers/caixianlin.md, after:

---
tags:
    - hardware
    - shockers
---

# CaiXianlin

::: tip Compatible
This product is compatible with OpenShock.

:::
Cheap and easily acquirable.

## Buying

### Shockers

Best effort list of current AliExpress sellers. Feel free to add more sources to this list!

- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005005133046985.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256804946732233.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256805637384984.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256806810698119.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005005823699736.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliBaba](https://www.alibaba.com/product-detail/MZ-880-Waterproof-Rechargeable-Vibrating-Dog_1600152421803.html)

Amazon also caries this style of shocker under the brand "Heaflex" - if you're looking to buy in the US without dealing with tarrifs this is a good option
- 🇺🇸: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Training-Waterproof-Rechargeable-Vibration-Electronic/dp/B0CJDJ6LHB/ref=sr_1_2_sspa?crid=1DU0M2OSUYLI&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.O9fRLUxVE6sHX-_w0ftxgnPfgwHxJHoLwgITe09dp3iuSbuSI8OJNtSmI0i-QeKZY09t4cQ6mrULUSaPgSHKBLm7SkQThVF9KHj1OtG0NTkWdFkaU_6kEdRf2nwg2VALRVAqGLFUBtEpOQMGsIW2RfSqpvaG6gDROBXw5wwI22L7oM1n4Z-fcFF05k893Ex6TGOS6Rhqyq7QBhWN6ZCqJpYqBNly8m75a42Lj--wqaDbbtRYV00SX2SxeLDI8fALNI7y65gvWF99qvj-ju3svRxDnyPhY38PNZEbGdaOpTE.HB_fl2mYqPwMJrhkqmQQf2mlaqC0Moct-8tVQQwuuVI&dib_tag=se&keywords=heaflex%2Bshock%2Bcollar&qid=1768670548&sprefix=heaflex%2Bshock%2Bcollar%2Breplacement%2Bcontact%2Bprongs%2Caps%2C223&sr=8-2-spons&sp_csd=d2lkZ2V0TmFtZT1zcF9hdGY&th=1)
- 🇺🇸: [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/slopehill-Training-Electronic-Vibration-Waterproof/dp/B09DFRYNMD/ref=sr_1_8?crid=1EQPFUCUG0JXN&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.A6qds28FHoGXF8W2XE_edLhfozTa0ArjspPuyh9xz1fiQnzbhFy7kK98kcXh11pK15rDf8U5QcKiyUvRUM1XW_9NP4LNUsJ8JZgMyHvMdCkF29GLuu5VT8eJpPLM7c6CE0vUosr1A5YTbcI4hxKoJrrMwpoPEG1H8Io0OUDIJ8wA5-SOw-CnqEryrLNovD_UvzvHerMOJyZXHNW98kc3h9iWoFzb_z-iomTfLnFkxa8b1LNV3O1-oDNS0JodyY5F3Mx84LYV_mKAW2WHeXUL1HVp1zVbzXRsvJ5RlB_c-YM.sweyKmqhicSDXMgbnTKjzh4jqDTadKc1NcVBEqlifJ4&dib_tag=se&keywords=dog%2Bshock%2Bcollar&qid=1768670944&sprefix=dog%2Bshock%2Bcoll%2Caps%2C301&sr=8-8&th=1)


### Cables

The charging port for this model is a standard **DC 3.5 x 1.35mm**. A USB to **DC 3.5 x 1.35mm** cable is used to charge the shocker. You might even have one laying around as they are common.

- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://aliexpress.com/item/1005005000038383.html)
- :globe_with_meridians: [AliExpress](https://de.aliexpress.com/item/4001327413911.html)

## Media

![CaiXianlin Shocker Front](../../static/shockers/caixianlin/ShockerFront.webp)
![CaiXianlin Shocker Back](../../static/shockers/caixianlin/ShockerBack.webp)

![CaiXianlin Shocker Back Inner Case](../../static/shockers/caixianlin/ShockerCaseBackGif.gif)

Thank you `@dasbrin` on Discord for the images.


## Technical Specification

### Official documents

[US Patent Document 1](https://uspto.report/patent/grant/D879,390)

[US Patent Document 2](https://image-ppubs.uspto.gov/dirsearch-public/print/downloadPdf/D879390)

### Community Reversed Engineered documents

[Shocker & Remote Documents on GitHub](https://github.com/Nat-the-Kat/caixianlin_remote_shocker) by @Nat-the-Kat

### RF Specification

| Name              | Value      |
|-------------------|------------|
| Carrier Frequency | 433.95 MHz |
| Modulation Type   | ASK / OOK  |

### Bit encoding

| Type | High duration | Low duration |
|------|---------------|--------------|
| Sync | 1400µs        | 750µs        |
| 1    | 750µs         | 250µs        |
| 0    | 250µs         | 750µs        |

### Packet fields

| Name              | Value      | Length    | Remarks                                  |
|-------------------|------------|-----------|------------------------------------------|
| Transmitter ID    | 0 - 65535  | 16 bits   | The collar will be Paired to this        |
| Channel Number    | 0 - 2      | 4 bits    | The collar will be Paired to this        |
| Action Command    | 1 - 3      | 4 bits    | 1 = Shock, 2 = Vibrate, 3 = Beep         |
| Command Intensity | 0 - 99     | 8 bits    | Should always be 0 for beep              |
| Message checksum  | 0 - 255    | 8 bits    | 8-bit sum of all other fields as a int32 |

### Layout

```text
[PREFIX        ] = SYNC
[TRANSMITTER ID] =     XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
[CHANNEL       ] =                     XXXX
[MODE          ] =                         XXXX
[STRENGTH      ] =                             XXXXXXXX
[CHECKSUM      ] =                                     XXXXXXXX
[END           ] =                                             00
```

## Working C++ code

[Firmware CaiXianlin Encoder](https://github.com/OpenShock/Firmware/blob/develop/src/radio/rmt/CaiXianlinEncoder.cpp)

## Example untested RFCat code

```py
# Import the necessary libraries and functions
from rflib import *
import time

# Set up the RfCat device
d = RfCat()
d.setPktPQT(0)
d.setMdmNumPreamble(0)
d.setEnableMdmManchester(False)
d.setFreq(433950000)
d.setMdmModulation(MOD_ASK_OOK)
d.setMdmDRate(3950)
d.makePktFLEN(22)
d.setMdmSyncWord(0)
   
"""
Returns the string representation of the action (Shock, Vibrate, or Beep)
"""
def get_action_string(action):
   if action == 1:
      return 'Shock'
   elif action == 2:
      return 'Vibrate'
   elif action == 3:
      return 'Beep'
   else:
      return 'Unknown'

# Since the receivers only support 3 channels, we can change the transmitter ID to extend the number of channels
for transmitter_id in range(46231, 46233):
   # Loop through the channels
   for channel in range(3):
      # Loop through the actions
      for action in range(1, 4):
         # Loop through the intensities, but not if the action is 3 (beep)
         for intensity in range(0, 100, 10) if action != 3 else [0]:

            # Intensity has max of 99
            if intensity == 100:
               intensity = 99

            # Assemble the payload
            payload = (transmitter_id << 24) | (channel << 20) | (action << 16) | (intensity << 8)

            # Calculate the checksum (sum(bytes) % 256)
            checksum = 0
            for i in range(8):
               checksum += (payload >> (i * 8)) & 0xFF
            checksum %= 256

            # Add the checksum to the payload
            payload |= checksum

            # Assemble the message
            message = bytes.fromhex('fc{0:040b}88'.format(payload).replace('1', 'e').replace('0', '8'))

            print('Sending {0} on channel {1} with intensity {2} and checksum {3}'.format(get_action_string(action), channel, intensity, checksum))

            # Transmit the message 5 times
            for i in range(5):
               d.RFxmit(message)
```
