docs/guides/diy/assembling.md, before:


This guide mainly focuses on the parts listed in the [Hardware Buy guide](hardware-buying.md).

## Hub Hardware Requirements

+ ESP32 board
+ 433 MHz transmitter (ASK/OOK)
+ Soldering station (potentially optional)
+ Hookup wire (optional, depending on whether the pins line up)

## What/Where to buy?

See the [hardware buying guide here](hardware-buying.md). For the hub assembly you'll need an ESP32 and a 433 MHz transmitter.

## Figuring out the pins

You will need to connect the 433MHz transmitter's signal input pin to one of the ESP32's IO pins, and you can optionally connect an Emergency Stop button/switch to another pin.

*Most* of the GPIO pins on any given ESP32 board should work for both RF TX and E-Stop, however some pins are reserved for special usage and will return an error if you attempt to use them during setup. If you run into that error, adjust your setup to use a different pin with a higher number.

Note down which GPIO pins you soldered to, as you will need to enter them during setup in a later step.

For example, if you bought a [Wemos Lolin S3](../../hardware/boards/wemos/lolin-s3.md) and a [Open Smart Transmitter](../../hardware/transmitter/china/open-smart.md), simply connect the 3.3V to VCC, ground to ground, and any numbered GPIO pin to data, for example the pin 12, to your transmitter.

::: warning Don't forget to enter these during setup!
You will need to set your RF TX pin during setup. If the pin is incorrect the transmitter wont be able to send any signals to the shockers.

If you already went through the setup process, you can change the pin via a serial terminal with the command `rftxpin #` where `#` is your pin number.

You can change E-Stop pin with `estop pin #` where `#` is your pin number.

Or, you can re-enable the Captive Portal on the website under the Hub's "..." menu and connect to it again with your phone.


:::
![Example Pinout](../../static/diy/pinout.png)

::: warning Logic level compatibility
Please note that all ESP32s operate at 3.3V logic levels. To avoid overvolting your ESP's IO pins, it is recommended to either: connect your transmitter's power input to a 3V supply pin on the ESP's board, or use a logic-level shifter if your transmitter ***really* requires** more than 3V power to operate.


:::
**Next step is [flashing the firmware!](../openshock/how-to-flash-your-board.md)**

Commit message:

Add documentation of e-stop (#107)
* Add files via upload

* Delete docs/ebthing.md

* Add files via upload

* Update ebthing.md

* Update ebthing.md

* Update index.md

* Update index.md

* Add sidebar entry

* Add files via upload

* Update E-stop guide.md

Added guide for using and resetting the estop

* Update E-stop guide.md

* Update E-stop guide.md

* Update E-stop guide.md

* Add files via upload

* Update E-stop.md

* Update E-stop.md

* Create e-stop

* Delete docs/static/guides/e-stop

* Add files via upload

* Update E-stop.md

* Update E-stop.md

* Update nav.ts

added entry for E-stop guide

* Update sidebar.ts

added E-stop guide and E-stop assembly links to relevant locations

* Update assembling.md

added link to e-stop wiring guide

* Update index.md

added E-stop link

* Update E-stop.md

* Update E-stop guide.md

fixed minor grammar

---------

Co-authored-by: Luc ♥ <luc@luc.cat>

docs/guides/diy/assembling.md, after:


This guide mainly focuses on the parts listed in the [Hardware Buy guide](hardware-buying.md).

## Hub Hardware Requirements

+ ESP32 board
+ 433 MHz transmitter (ASK/OOK)
+ Soldering station (potentially optional)
+ Hookup wire (optional, depending on whether the pins line up)

## What/Where to buy?

See the [hardware buying guide here](hardware-buying.md). For the hub assembly you'll need an ESP32 and a 433 MHz transmitter.

## Figuring out the pins

You will need to connect the 433MHz transmitter's signal input pin to one of the ESP32's IO pins, and you can optionally connect an Emergency Stop button/switch to another pin.

*Most* of the GPIO pins on any given ESP32 board should work for both RF TX and E-Stop, however some pins are reserved for special usage and will return an error if you attempt to use them during setup. If you run into that error, adjust your setup to use a different pin with a higher number.

Note down which GPIO pins you soldered to, as you will need to enter them during setup in a later step.

For example, if you bought a [Wemos Lolin S3](../../hardware/boards/wemos/lolin-s3.md) and a [Open Smart Transmitter](../../hardware/transmitter/china/open-smart.md), simply connect the 3.3V to VCC, ground to ground, and any numbered GPIO pin to data, for example the pin 12, to your transmitter.

::: warning Don't forget to enter these during setup!
You will need to set your RF TX pin during setup. If the pin is incorrect the transmitter wont be able to send any signals to the shockers.

If you already went through the setup process, you can change the pin via a serial terminal with the command `rftxpin #` where `#` is your pin number.

You can change E-Stop pin with `estop pin #` where `#` is your pin number.

Or, you can re-enable the Captive Portal on the website under the Hub's "..." menu and connect to it again with your phone.


:::
![Example Pinout](../../static/diy/pinout.png)

::: warning Logic level compatibility
Please note that all ESP32s operate at 3.3V logic levels. To avoid overvolting your ESP's IO pins, it is recommended to either: connect your transmitter's power input to a 3V supply pin on the ESP's board, or use a logic-level shifter if your transmitter ***really* requires** more than 3V power to operate.

How to wire up a E-stop can be found [Here](E-stop.md)

:::
**Next step is [flashing the firmware!](../openshock/how-to-flash-your-board.md)**
