docs/guides/shocklink-sharelinks.md, before:

# Shocklink - Share links

!!! Warning
    **Don't wear the shocker somewhere near your neck or your heart.**  
    Check out [Safety](../safety/safety-rules.md) for more information.
  
## What you need
- [Shocklink.net account](https://shocklink.net/)
- A working shocker ([see the First time Setup guide](openshock-first-setup.md))



## How to create a Share link

  1. Open [Shocklink.net](https://shocklink.net/) and go to the ``Share Links`` section.  
  ![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/findshocklinks.png)  

  2. Click ``Add new share link``  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/addnewsharelink.png)  

  3. Here you can choose to set an expiry date and a name, after that press ``Create``  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/createshocklink.png)  
Your new share link should popup as a new entry looking like this:  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/sharelinkcreated.png)  

  4. Now that you have created the link itself you need to add one or multiple shockers to it so they can be triggered via this link, for this you click on the new entry, this will bring up the links page, on the top right, on the right side are three dots that open the ``context menu`` of the link.    
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/addshockertosharelink.png)  
  
  5. Click on ``Add shocker`` and choose your shocker, you can add multiple shockers to the same link, just repeat this step.  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/addshockertosharelink2.png)  

  6.  After adding your shocker to the link you should be able to see the shockers controls, that's it. Everyone with the share link can now control your shocker. 🎉  


## Customize your Share link
!!! Info ""
    You can set limits to ``strenght``, ``duration`` or what kind of ``command`` someone can use for each share link.  
    You can also ``Pause`` the link so nobody can send commands via this link.  
### Edit the limits  
  1. Open your share link page again and select the share link you want to edit, there you open the share links context menu and choose ``Edit Mode``.
  ![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/editlinkllimits.png)  
  
  2. The shocker controls should now be orange indicating the ``Edit Mode``.
  ![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/editinterface.png)  
  
  3. You can now set the maximum strenght, duration and choose what kind of command can be send, Sound, Vibrate or Shock.

  4. To exit the Edit Mode open the share links context menu again and choose ``Edit Mode``, it will return the controls to their normal color indicating that the Edit Mode is not active anymore.  

### Pause your Share link
  1. To ``Pause`` your share link go to Share links open the link you want to pause and click on the little pause icon next to the share links name.  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/pauseshocker.png)  

  2. It should now ``blur`` the shocker controls telling you it's paused, as long as the link is paused it will not accept any commands.
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/pausedlink.png)  

  3. To unpause the share link again simply click on the ``Play Icon``.

Commit message:

Corrections
reformatted a lot of stuff
corrected some spelling errors
rephrased some things to make it sound better

docs/guides/shocklink-sharelinks.md, after:

# Shocklink - Share links

!!! Warning
    **Don't wear the shocker somewhere near your neck or your heart.**  
    Check out [Safety](../safety/safety-rules.md) for more information.

!!! Info "What is a Share link?"
    Share links are a great way to give people control of your shockers without the need of a Shocklink account.  


## What you need
- [Shocklink.net account](https://shocklink.net/)
- A working shocker ([see the First time Setup guide](openshock-first-setup.md))



## How to create a Share link

  1. Open [Shocklink.net](https://shocklink.net/) and go to the ``Share Links`` section.  
  ![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/findshocklinks.png)  

  2. Click ``Add new share link!``  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/addnewsharelink.png)  

  3. Here you can choose to set an expiry date and a name, after that press ``Create``  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/createshocklink.png)  
Your new share link should popup as a new entry on the page.    
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/sharelinkcreated.png)  

  4. Now that you have created the link itself you need to add one or multiple shockers to it so they can be triggered with this link, to do that you click on the newly created link.
  
  5. On the right side are three dots that open the ``context menu`` of the link.    
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/addshockertosharelink.png)  
  
  6. Click on ``Add shocker`` and choose your shocker, you can add multiple shockers to the same link, just repeat this step.  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/addshockertosharelink2.png)  

  7.  After adding your shocker(s) to the link you will see the shockers controls, that's it.  
  Everyone with the share link can now control your shocker. 🎉  

!!! Tip
    Create multiple share links for different people to have better control over who can shock you!
<br></br>

## Customize your Share link
!!! Info
    You can set limits to ``strenght``, ``duration`` or what kind of ``command`` someone can use for each share link.  
    You can also ``Pause`` the link so nobody can send commands with this link.  
### Edit the limits  
  1. Open your share link page again and select the share link you want to edit, there you open the share links context menu and choose ``Edit Mode``.
  ![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/editlinkllimits.png)  
  
  2. The shocker controls should now be orange indicating the ``Edit Mode``.
  ![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/editinterface.png)  
  
  3. You can now set the maximum strenght, duration and choose what kind of command can be send, Sound, Vibrate or Shock.

  4. To exit the Edit Mode open the share links context menu again and choose ``Edit Mode``, it will return the controls to their normal color indicating that the Edit Mode is not active anymore.  

### Pause your Share link
  1. To ``Pause`` your share link go to Share links open the link you want to pause and click on the little pause icon next to the share links name.  
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/pauseshocker.png)  

  2. It should now ``blur`` the shocker controls telling you it's paused, as long as the link is paused it will not accept any commands.
![Image "Image"](../static/guides/how-to-sharelinks/pausedlink.png)  

  3. To unpause the share link again simply click on the ``Play Icon``.
